/*
Flutter is an open-source UI software development kit created by Google.
It is used to develop cross platform applications from a single codebase for any web browser,
 Fuchsia, Android, iOS, Linux, macOS, and Windows. First described in 2015, Flutter was released in May 2017.
 Native app development compared to cross-platform app development
 Coding an application for one specific platform, such as iOS, is called native app development. By contrast, cross-platform app development is building an application for multiple platforms with a single codebase.

 Native app development
 Because developers code for a specific platform in native app development,
 they have full access to native device functionality.
 This generally leads to higher performance and speed compared to cross-platform app development.

 On the other hand, if you want to launch an application on multiple platforms,
  native app development requires more code and more developers.
   In addition to these expenses, native app development can make it harder to launch on different platforms
   at the same time with a consistent user experience.
    This is where cross-platform app development frameworks like Flutter can be useful.

 Cross-platform app development
 Cross-platform app development allows developers to use one programming language
 and one codebase to build an application for multiple platforms.
 If you’re releasing an application for multiple platforms,
 cross-platform app development is less costly and time-consuming than native app development.

 This process also lets developers create a more consistent experience for users across platforms.

 This approach can have drawbacks compared to native app development,
 including limited access to native device functionality.
  However, Flutter has features that make cross-platform app development smoother and highly performant.

 The advantages of Flutter
 Here are some ways that Flutter stands out as a cross-platform development framework:

 Close-to-native performance. Flutter uses the programming language Dart and compiles into machine code.
 Host devices understand this code, which ensures a fast and effective performance.
 Fast, consistent, and customizable rendering.
 Instead of relying on platform-specific rendering tools,
 Flutter uses Google’s open-source Skia graphic library to render UI.
 This provides users with consistent visuals no matter what platform they use to access an application.
 Developer-friendly tools.
 Google built Flutter with an emphasis on ease-of-use. With tools like hot reload,
 developers can preview what code changes will look like without losing state.
  Other tools like the widget inspector make it easy to visualize and solve issues with UI layouts.
*/